add example for use with bot base (#8)
deltachat-bot/echo: nodejs_bot_base/README.MD

# Echo Bot - Nodejs Bot Base

> This is an makes use of `deltachat-node-bot-base` an abstraction Layer over [`deltachat-node`](https://github.com/deltachat/deltachat-node) which does the initial setup for you. It is opninionated (makes some design decissions for you, like the used config module) -> If you want more controll look at our other echo-bot example that uses `deltachat-node` directly: [Advanced Example](../nodejs)

Author: ```suggestion
This is an makes use of `deltachat-node-bot-base` an abstraction Layer over [`deltachat-node`](https://github.com/deltachat/deltachat-node) which does the initial setup for you. It is opinionated (makes some design decisions for you, like the used config module) -> If you want more control look at our other echo-bot example that uses `deltachat-node` directly: [Advanced Example](../nodejs)
```
